There is another approach that we're not going to show,
but I want to spend a minute talking to you about it,
and that is the Validator interface.
It was the approach that we used before the JSR 303
and subsequent releases came out.
It works fine, just as it did 10 years ago when it was released,
but it's very programmatic.
You have to manually type out every line of code
that you want to have it execute.
It is not deprecated,
and you can in fact still use it in modern Spring applications today.
I personally try to avoid it because business logic
tends to creep into these validators.
The separation of concerns that we spoke about in an earlier
module becomes a little hazy in these Validator classes that
implement the Validator interface.
For this reason,
I tend to avoid the Validator interface and
implementing classes and just used the JSR.
More advanced validation I move into my own custom class inside the
service tier and handle it appropriately there. Let's move on to how we configure Bean validation